there's no way we're dropping from the
10-meter that is way too high
Sam ha ha all right here's the deal we
convince Sam doorman and teen USA
Olympic divers who just won a silver
medal at the Rio Olympics to come dive
with us now what man and I have no idea
what we're doing
Amara thinks he can pull off a synchro
dive synchro together perfectly that's
amazing I'll be ready oh I'm ready I
want to get into the role as a diver in
the ocean you should probably do it
shape everything shave your butt
what's he supposed to say like I just
did I thought that's the practice to get
a swimmer
you guys are so screwed I'm gonna work
you all so we dig one two push down your
jump off that leg
oh my god
right you're a perfectly fine here's a
replay
hello Palomar and this dude just became
best friend Matt and I are just getting
smacked
how did he bend that twisted steel and
sex appeal coming from this guy
our goal today should be to beat them in
the Cinco
Todd gives me word for eating most [ __ ]
today to end the day Matt and I joined
them for the highest jump you've ever
made I have legs and open up a building
just got to Rio today but I can't seem
to find my synchro partner Omar hi where
the hell is he